Feat: updated mentors, how to submit proposals and project ideas (#7)
jina-ai/GSoC: README.md

## 📝 How to apply

To apply for one of our projects, candidates need to create a proposal. If:
- You want to work on your own project idea: The first step would be to get the project idea approved by the mentors by discussing with them over slack. Next, a proposal should be made for that project.

- You want to work on a project idea listed below: Discuss with mentors about the architechture and how you plan on doing it. Next, create a proposal and submit it.

Any proposal submitted should follow [this](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1vPWIxH-o8KBIbL1FPZai5EBLWWnDy2K6FXc2HV3D1q8/edit?usp=sharing) proposal template. 

For questions about how to create a good proposal, please refer to the [proposal guide](https://google.github.io/gsocguides/student/writing-a-proposal) from GSoC. 

> Submissions need to be made via email. Please send your proposals to jyoti.bisht@jina.ai before the deadline as mentioned in the [program timeline](https://developers.google.com/open-source/gsoc/timeline).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Submissions need to be made via email. Please send your proposals to google-soc@jina.ai
 before the deadline as mentioned in the [program timeline](https://developers.google.com/open-source/gsoc/timeline).
```
